hey guys so Maya is dressed and ready
for Emily I decided to put her awesome
like Auntie onesie on thank Emily like
that and then these pants that I got
from Target really go well with it but
she needs her hair fixed because it's
all flattened out from the hair band
that she was wearing so I thought I
would just do a little video showing you
how I styled her hair her hair has to be
the easiest hair to take care of out of
all of my dolls Kate Charles is amazing
at routing and the hair she uses is just
so soft and it's already like super
curly so I either use a combination of
water and leave-in conditioner or just
one and today I'm just using straight
water cuz I don't think it's really good
to use the combo all the time because I
worry about like build up from the
conditioner so I just spritz it around
and then this is the little comb that
her comb and brush set came with and so
I just give it a little brush like comb
through and the front part I like to
know if you can see but the front part I
like it to just kind of swoop the back
until like a little curl it's pretty
much still like that right now the top
part is still a little bit dry so let's
pray that a bit more and then just comb
it through really gently almost like a
pick sorry I just keep looking at the
door
then expecting Emily in a minute so yeah
I just comb it around and it's kind of
hard to find where her swirl is because
she has so much hair so I don't really
worry too much about the swirl because
once I've came through it once I comb
through it all then I just take my
fingers and I just scrunch it like this
to make it curly and fluffy and I like
to give her a little whoops and I just
like to give it a little on top her hair
is so great it's so soft I love it oh
yeah I just give it the scrunch with
fingers if I really want to find curls I
got to make sure that every little bit
is dampened and then that's pretty much
it spruce it up a bit I just keep
playing with it until it's puffy with
the puffiness that I want and yeah her
curls on the side are going a little
weird
I'll just bring those around there we go
so I just do the little smooth thing and
I mean she usually gets a flat hairdo at
the back anyway because she's usually
leaning on something or laying on
something but it up like that and then
her front part has these little wispy
ends right here and so I kind of like to
bring those out from the rest
and I'll probably instead of a hair bow
today I'll probably do her little clip
which usually goes right in here and
holds back some of her hair and then you
can really see the baby fine hairs along
her hairline which i think is so cute so
I'll just put her a little clip in and
then she will be all set and so yeah
that's really all you have to do you
just like really like when you comb
through you're just literally just like
picking at it just spread the water and
then you just scrunch it and that's it I
love it cuz like hers literally is the
easiest hair I've ever had to take her
and like Kate is like really good with
sealing her hair too because literally
like there's like two strands like two
little fuzzies inherent in fact I don't
even think it's her hair I think it's
just dust that was in her hair so like
she literally doesn't shed really any
hair at all which is awesome so yeah so
Cape Charles knows her stuff she is an
amazing
I just love this baby so much I haven't
spent time with her lately
I miss her so yeah I'm gonna just be
spending a week with each baby because I
have a lot of them and they all don't
get much attention so I am going to try
to adopt the method of one baby per week
so that I can really have some time with
them so I think she'll be the next one
because she's just so sweet so anyways
I'm going to get her clip in and then
we'll be waiting for Emily and we'll
catch you guys in the next video
which will probably star Gracie and
maybe some of the other babies maybe uh
maybe grace will have some playtime with
Maya and Sookie which could be trouble
so that should be interesting
okay guys thanks for watching and I will
check in later see you guys in the next
video why